Add steps to use ESC with Pulumi IaC (#3482)
pulumi/registry: themes/default/content/registry/packages/aws-native/installation-configuration.md

* Set `AWS_PROFILE` as an environment variable
* After creating your project, run `pulumi config set aws-native:profile <profilename>`

### Dynamically generate credentials

> In addition to configuring the AWS provider locally, you also have the option to centralize your configurations using [Pulumi ESC (Environments, Secrets, and Configuration)](/docs/pulumi-cloud/esc/). Using this service will enable you to run AWS or Pulumi CLI commands with dynamically generated credentials, removing the need to configure and manage your credentials locally.

Reviewer: Should we specify "AWS Native provider" here?

> In addition to configuring the AWS provider locally, you also have the option to centralize your configurations using [Pulumi ESC (Environments, Secrets, and Configuration)](/docs/pulumi-cloud/esc/). Using this service will enable you to run AWS or Pulumi CLI commands with dynamically generated credentials, removing the need to configure and manage your credentials locally.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to configuring the AWS Native provider locally, you also have the option to centralize your configurations using [Pulumi ESC (Environments, Secrets, and Configuration)](/docs/pulumi-cloud/esc/). Using this service will enable you to run AWS or Pulumi CLI commands with dynamically generated credentials, removing the need to configure and manage your credentials locally.
```

To do this, you will need to complete the following steps:

#### Configure OIDC between Pulumi and AWS

Refer to the [Configuring OpenID Connect for AWS Guide](/docs/pulumi-cloud/oidc/aws/) for the step-by-step process on how to do this. Note that when adding your configuration to your environment file, you can also define your AWS region in the `environmentVariables` section:

```yaml
values:
  aws:
    login:
      fn::open::aws-login:
        oidc:
          duration: 1h
          roleArn: <your-oidc-iam-role-arn>
          sessionName: pulumi-environments-session
  environmentVariables:
    AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID: ${aws.login.accessKeyId}
    AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY: ${aws.login.secretAccessKey}
    AWS_SESSION_TOKEN: ${aws.login.sessionToken}
    AWS_REGION: <YOUR_AWS_REGION> # e.g.`ap-south-1`
```

#### [Optional] Move Pulumi config to your ESC environment

> It was mentioned earlier in this guide that you can also set your AWS region as a Pulumi configuration value in your project's stack settings file (`Pulumi.<stack-name>.yaml`). In addition to this, there may be other values that you have defined in this file, and these values can also be centralized using Pulumi ESC. To [expose these values to Pulumi IaC](/docs/pulumi-cloud/esc/environments/#projecting-pulumi-config), you will need to add a second-level key called `pulumiConfig` and nest any desired values underneath it as shown below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It was mentioned earlier in this guide that you can also set your AWS region as a Pulumi configuration value in your project's stack settings file (`Pulumi.<stack-name>.yaml`). In addition to this, there may be other values that you have defined in this file, and these values can also be centralized using Pulumi ESC. To [expose these values to Pulumi IaC](/docs/pulumi-cloud/esc/environments/#using-environments-with-pulumi-iac), you will need to add a second-level key called `pulumiConfig` and nest any desired values underneath it as shown below:
```
